Ma'am, I didn't mean to.
That's what the wedding dress store sent me.
If you don't believe it, you can check the surveillance.
No more tests.
For whatever reason.
This is because you're not doing a good job.
You're right.
This is my problem.
I am willing to compensate for this wedding dress.
This wedding dress is made by hand.
It's just that there are tens of millions temporarily up there.
Can you pay for it?
I can't.
But because that's my problem.
I won't shirk responsibility.
No matter how much I want
That's a good temperament.
How to do some embarrassing things?
Ma'am, what do you mean?
I don't go around with you anymore.
You don't need to compensate for this wedding dress.
You quit your job and leave the story.
Why is it possible that because of something, you are not ashamed to interfere with the feelings between Miss Linh Linh and Gu General?
Our old lady has a good heart.
Don't want to argue with you
Go ahead and get out of the company.
Don't piss off the CEO. Try to be there.
I said, why did the guy who named me give me a wedding dress?
It turns out that's the reason.
If you know why.
Then go back and quit your job.
I don't want to trouble you too much.
Excuse me, ma'am.
But I can't die.
Secretary Kim, I see you're drinking and not eating fine wine.